A - Make fun of an opponent's wealthy mother-in-law.
A - Claim your opponent supports the mohair subsidy.
A - Claim your opponent wants to take away everyone's steak knives.
A - Make fun of an opponent's college hair style.
A - Claim your opponent denies the theory of gravity.
A - Tell the world that your opponent still receives paper utility bills.
A - Ridicule your opponent for not owning a lawn edger.
A - Remind voters that your opponent once commented on US-Fredonian relations without mentioning the Merry Widow.
A - Suggest that your opponent favors requiring each voter to recite the pledge of allegiance before getting a ballot.
A - Remind voters that your opponent still uses a flip phone.
A - Call attention to a recent interview in which your opponent admitted never meeting our ambassador to Lichtenstein.
A - Accuse your opponent of opposing pay for kindergarten teachers.
A - Show your opponent's Beware of Dog sign and the 8 pound westhighland terrier behind it.
A - Use grainy black and white photos of your opponent giving a speech.
A - Accuse your opponent of wanting to tax fingernail clippers.
A - Let voters know that your opponent refuses to eat Hershey's chocolate.
A - Complain about your opponents position on cotton candy subsidies.
A - Claim your opponent opposes the Girl Scouts.
A - Accuse your opponent of preferring soccer to North American football.
A - Show your opponent enjoying arugula.
A - Claim your opponent despises iceberg lettuce.
A - Accuse your opponent of hating kittens.
A - Accuse your opponent of wanting to tax Little League tickets.
A - Accuse your opponent of taking money from the Peruvian president.
A - Show your opponent playing the kazoo.
A - Show your opponent wearing plaid Bermuda shorts, with black knee high socks and sandals.
A - Remind voters that your opponent favors daylight savings time.
A - Accuse your opponent of budget busting to subsidize professional lacrosse.
A - Claim your opponent supports NSA surveillance devices embedded in TV remote controls.
D - holding a press conference on a Friday afternoon.
D - giving an interview for the 48 Minutes TV magazine show.
D - sending your candidate to a daytime women's talk show.
D - having your candidate play a musical number on Steve Clobber's late night show.
D - having your candidate appear in a sketch on Tuesday Night Live.
D - staging a press conference with the candidate's spouse all but out of focus in the background.
D - speaking from a sofa in an exclusive interview with Will O'Really.
D - firing a field staff intern.
D - giving a speech about the candidate's dog.
D - planting a sympathetic story in a friendly reporter's inbox.
D - having your candidate visit Isreal.
D - sending your candidate to visit US troops in the Middle East.
D - having your candidate testify before congress about the scandal.
D - writing an editorial for your candidate that uses complete sentences.
E - the National Association of Puppy Owners
E - the Governor of Guam
E - the American Board Game Geeks Alliance
E - the Society of Underweight Engineers
E - Parents of Children with Excellent Teeth (PCET)
E - National Reptile Association (the real NRA)
E - Student Selfie Society
E - Fraternal Order of \textbf{Lawn} Enforcement Officers 
E - Clown Car Owner's Association
E - Women's Professional Rugby Tight Head Prop Players Association (slogan: We're \#1)
E - United Tire Balancers Union
G - 
I - Your candidate claimed a tax deduction for buying ice cream for a daughter's softball team.
I - Your candidate's brother bought a Nickel Back CD.
I - Your candidate belonged to a college club that met solely to eat Brussels sprouts.
I - Your press secretary stuck his tongue out at a reporter during a press conference.
I - Your candidate believes the federal budget could be balanced by cutting PBS and the National Endowment for the Arts.
I - One of your campaign staff wrote a college essay suggesting Kermit the Frog was a member of the Communist Party.
I - Your candidate's chief economic advisor used campaign funds to buy a French maid halloween costume for a dog.
I - Several of your field staff were caught using Sharpies to blacken one tooth on an opponent's head shot billboard.
I - One of your operatives repeatedly called an opponent's campaign headquarters asking, ``Is your refrigerator running?"
I - Radio host: ``What should we do about Turkey vis a vis the Kurds?" \ Your candidate: ``Make Thanksgiving Dinner."
I - One of your candidate's aunts, in this election, donated to an opponent.
I - Your candidate fled reporters on a rope line by running through a catering tent, spilling two tables of chafing dishes.
I - The press has discovered that a foreign national donated through your campaign web site.
M - A consultant just convinced your candidate to take bowling lessons. - Make an opponent spend \$10K of candidate cash.\\
M - Your Iowa field staff bought thousands of the cheapest snow shovels ever made, for voters to use if it snows on caucus day. - Make an opponent spend \$10K of candidate cash.\\
M - The Pepsi brothers just gave to your Super PAC. - Earn \$500K PAC cash.\\
M - A bundler, who would like to be ambassador to Ireland before next St. Patrick's day, gathered money for your campaign. - Earn \$40K in candidate cash.\\
M - Your Super PAC hired a consultant to tell them a strong Iowa showing helps some candidates. - Make an opponent spend \$50K in PAC cash.\\
M - The famous comedian, Will Cahr, just donated to your candidate's Super PAC. - Earn \$300K PAC cash.\\
M - Small dollar donors joined together on myface.com to raise money. - Earn \$50K in candidate cash.\\
M - Tooth whitening bills have come in. - Make an opponent spend \$10K of candidate cash.\\
M - A surprise fundraiser raised money. - Earn \$20K in candidate cash.\\
M - Your candidate just bought a new wardrobe. - Make an opponent spend \$10K in campaign cash.\\
R - 
S - a high school chess club
S - a standing bunko game in a Catholic church
S - a women's auxilliary thrift sale celebration luncheon
S - a group of mall Santas
S - a pie making contest
S - a group of cake decorators
S - a pee-wee soccer halftime
S - a federation of foosball players
S - a rotary dial phone owner's club
S - a convention of county seat tourist bureau coordinators
S - a county fair rabbit show
S - the pessimists club national convention
S - a society of sloth
S - a stuffed animal auction
S - a travelling unicycle troup tryout camp
S - a group of Johnny Cash impersonators
S - a buggy factory's employees
S - the contestants in a lawn tractor pull
S - a county ice fisherman's association, on the ice
S - a licensed bird bander's breakfast
T - the rising price of envelopes
T - the dangers of radiation from the sun
T - the best Mexican restaurant in the country
T - Estonian relations
T - the cost of minting pennies
T - the tax on suction cup tipped arrows
T - the need for a tax on dental floss
T - the risk to Thanksgiving due to the monopoly on canned pumpkin
T - the porousness of our Canadian border
T - a possible tax on Cornish game hens
T - the importance of uniforms for college students
T - the tastiness of avocados from Mexico
T - the need for more spending on hay fever research
T - the need to expand imports of mangos from India
T - the merits of the Park Service
T - the need for more skilled penny polishers
T - the number of words on all of the current federal tax forms
T - preserving the one dollar bill
T - the beauty of the national parks your candidate has not visited
T - the need for every child to have a personal copy of the picture book Red Panda, Red Panda, What Do You Hear?
W - Claim your candidate was in business since selling Veteran's Day wrapping paper door to door at age 8 to support family.
W - Describe your candidate's father as a small business owner, fail to mention the bootleg distillery.
W - Show your candidate playing fetch with the family ferret.
W - Show your candidate walking on the beach wearing a suit and wingtips.
W - Put your candidate in a cowboy hat on a stuffed horse and hope no one notices.
W - Show your candidate eating fried chicken with knife and fork.
W - Remind voters that your candidate is a self-made person, having started a business with a mere \$500K loan from parents.
W - Show your candidate volunteering at a soup kitchen by washing paper plates.
W - Show your candidate and spouse watching their grandchild compete in a pee-wee caber tossing championship.
W - Show your candidate kissing a baby chicken.
Z - the difference between a tax bracket and a tax loophole.
Z - the relationship between the national debt and the current year budget deficit.
Z - the difference between Slovenia and Slovakia.
Z - the difference between Idaho and Iowa.
Z - the difference between state and federal budgeting.
Z - how to order at a fast food restaurant.
Z - how much a typical worker actually makes.
Z - that cloud computing is not affected by the jet stream.
